# nginx-config-gui
This is a Web-Interface to configure nginx. 

# videodemo
https://www.reddit.com/r/selfhosted/comments/y71ktz/small_project_i_created_a_web_gui_to_configure/
Post about the project with video

# quick setup
If you just want to manage subdomains with proxy_passes:
Follow the setup but you can skip step 10,11 and 12. In step 2 you only need to update example.de to your own domain. Same goes for step 4.

# setup
1. copy block.exmaple.txt to block.txt
2. in block.txt change the configuration to match your standardized server-block. Replace everything that should be changeable via the gui with a "$<name>" for example "$subDomain"
3. copy defaultFile.example.txt to defaultFile.txt
4. edit defaultFile.txt to match your main nginx configuration. Place "$customBlocks" where you want the serverblocks generated by the gui to be added.
5. copy blocks.exmaple.json to blocks.json
6. copy config.example.json to config.json
7. edit config.json:
8. change the port-attribute to the port you want to webgui to listen on
9. change the pwd-attribute to the password you want to use to enter the webgui
10. fill the replace array with objects connected to the variables you added to the block.txt configuration. These objects need to follow the syntax presented in the example. 'name' for the display name in the gui, replace for the key you want to replace in the block.txt configuration file and optionally default for the default value in the field.
11. change result file if you dont want to edit the default nginx configuration file
12  change the restart nginx field if you have a different command of programm to restart nginx
13. run npm i
14. run node .
